Role: 
Analysing Business Requirement, Story pointing the stories, 
Technical Analysis, UI Development, deploying builds to dev, QA and 
supporting production delivery.

// Brillio - client Sage - Rewriting from angularjs to angular19

Purpose: Sage Intacct was financial domain application was used for tracking stocks, bonds,
         and other investments for enterprise users with compliance reporting. 
         I was part of their multi-entity dashboard.
         where it had filters on navbars to select investment companies based on date bond and investment category.
Role: 
1. Analyze the buisness requirement
2. Creating base structure for components, models, services folder.
3. then identifying the core modules or components.
4. seeing which components can be re-usable
5. creating responsive layout for it.

Tech Stack - angular, .net and postgresql.
Challenges - customizating charts(highchart), as it was in angularJs had different setting to charts.
Solution - going through their documentation, finding right properties or attributes to implement exisitng feature

// Cognizant - LPL financial - Creating new features

Purpose: LPL Financial’s ClientWorks application is their advisor-facing platform. 
         Its main purpose is to give financial advisors and institutions a single, 
         integrated system to manage their entire business. 
         I was part of their ART app advertising review tool where it gives ability to advisors to post their advertisement
         and then it would get reviewed by backend team of lpl to verify and proceed it further.
Tech Stack - angular, .net core and sql. AWS s3 bucket for their file storage.
Challenges - while working on angularjs it was difficult to create date range picker becoz devextreme lib was supported.
Solution -  I created it from scratch by synchronizing 2 date pickers.

// Calibit - CalibitApp - product

Purpose: Calibit application is IoT based platform providing digital solution 
         to manufacturing domain clients. It helps clients to manage, monitor and calculate
         productivity of their runtime machines through enhance data visualization using JS graphs. 
Tech Stack - angular 8, java springboot, postgresql.
Challenges - implementing different types of charts lib and making it reusable.



